Document that cfunctions should not throw errors (#43100)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/calling-c-and-fortran-code.md

    function on 32-bit Windows, but can be used on WIN64 (where `stdcall` is unified with the
    C calling convention).

!!! note
    Callback functions exposed via `@cfunction` should not throw errors, as that will

>     return control to the Julia runtime and may leave the library invoking the function in
>     an undefined state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return control to the Julia runtime unexpectedly and may leave the program in an undefined state.
```
